---
layout: post
title:  "Making real money at Roblox"
description: "Ways to make real money playing online games at Roblox and their critical analysis"
image: assets/images/robloxgirl.jpg
toc: false
order: 2
---
Picture this: you're sitting in front of
your screen your eyes looking over the
familiar landscape of Roblox you're
immersed in the world that you've grown
to love,
but imagine if there was a way to turn
this passion of Roblox into real money
that you can actually earn in real life
well there's no need to just imagine it
because today I'm actually going to tell
you how to make that a reality and how
I've made thousands of dollars from
Roblox.

I'm gonna show you six secret
pathways to making real money on Roblox
stick around because we're gonna look
pat some amazing ways to completely
change the way that you look at ROBLOX
and give you potentially real money in
your pocket from it.

Now a lot of people
don't really believe that this is
possible or they believe you're going to
earn more some other way but honestly
Roblox is a really good way to make
money and it's only becoming better with
hundreds of millions of active users.

There are infinite ways to make money on
the platform.
First up is developing games so first
you can consider developing your own
games. This is probably the best way but
there are other ways and this is
probably also one of the hardest ways
but this is one of the most direct ways
to earn on Roblox because you have
players giving you money or Roblox
rather for game passes and developer
products you can then turn that Roblox
into cash via DevEx.

Something really
important about creating a game is
creating something that you would enjoy
playing yourself that's a great way to
start but you should also speak to other
players who would be your Target
demographic for your game, the target
type of person who you'd want to play
your game and see what they'd want in a
game and try to cater it exactly to them.


So if you can match both it's gonna be
even better because you're gonna be able
to enjoy making the game and you're also
going to be catering to a specific
player so they are completely engaged in
your game and they love it from the
ground up because it was made for them
in the first place but making a game is
definitely not the easiest thing in the
world it requires quite a deep
understanding of the Roblox Studio
engine scripting building game design.

But fortunately Roblox does use Lua
which is a pretty easy language to
learn and actually I do have a resource
that I'll show you by the end which is a
cheat sheet for scripting so stick
around so moving on to another exciting
way to make Roblox and real money on
Roblox is establishing a YouTube or Tick
Tock and growing it you see when it
comes to playing games people love
watching as much as they love
participating in the game it gives more
value to the game it makes, it gives more fun
for them and it gives them ideas of fun
ways to play and you can do gameplay
videos of your favorite games.

Try to add
your own unique spin to it you see
there's a lot of people just doing very
basic videos about games you got to get
something very creative to get views but
there are endless possibilities you can
also do development videos and tip
videos like I do I can even say you
could even copy the way I do my videos.

If you want to start a channel and do it
quickly but the trick is to make content
that is entertaining but also
informative you have both ways that you
give value to your audience and that's
important when you start out to give as
much value as possible because people
aren't really going to know you so you
got to give them a bunch of
entertainment or a bunch of info to make
it worthy for them to stick around on
your channel and then over time you'll
build up a personal connection with the
viewer.

You'll be able to have true fans
of you but you have to start out with
valuable content alright the third
method and I like this one a lot because
I've recently started doing it this is
creating and selling assets so assets
you see every Roblox game needs assets
we're talking about like models
particles audio animations and lighting
and even more so if you have an interest
in making any part of a Roblox game you
can make assets that you sell on a store
and this is different from taking
commissions this is where you make
something like a pack of models and you
put it on a website such as tool blocks
or clearly Dev or your own website where
you can use pay hip and you go ahead and
you sell these assets and you make money
and you sell it in a limited amount of
time but you make money each time rather
than a commission which is one time for
one person and you can promote these via
Twitter, Youtube, Tick-Tock, etc.

So you're
gonna really be able to make money and
you're gonna have very high leverage
because taking commissions it's one off
you can't make money in your sleep you
can only make money when you're doing
commissions with this you can put
something at once and you make money on
it forever I personally sell a texture
pack as well as other things on my
website which bring me money pretty much
every day and I don't have to always
work on my texture pack for example
every day it just keeps paying me and I
might update it make it better for
people but this you can see why this is
a better than taking Commissions in my
opinion and this is an amazing way to
make money on Roblox that not many
people really talk about alright next is
commissions through Twitter so another
interesting way to make money on Roblox
is through commissions and Twitter is
absolutely the best place to promote
your work and start taking commissions
because there are the most professional
developers there and it is also very
easy to reach people on there.

If you can
employ the right tactics many many
developers are on there waiting to pay
someone just like you to do something on
their game such as
making gfx making art doing their
lighting doing their terrain doing their
building and even doing their scripting
which is probably the best because it is
hard to find a good script so if you can
learn scripting you're gonna make a lot
start out with just building up your
network so start talking with people on
Twitter give them compliments help them
out in any way you can and by doing this
you're gonna build up loyal followers
and you're gonna get some friends along
the way and you'll start to have a
network who you can go to for
commissions make sure that in your
promotions you promise a result that you
can fulfill for your clients and this
result should be appealing so don't just
say I'm gonna make models for you say
I'm gonna make your game look amazing
because I make models that will
perfectly match your game you know if
you sell on the result you're gonna get
people willing to pay a lot higher and
you're going to get more people
interested because it's not necessarily
what the assets that they want it is the
effect they want on their game.

You want
to remember this when you do commissions
and most people they sell on whatever
commission they're doing when really
people care about the results like what
is a good profile picture do well it
makes you look professional it makes you
able to Brand yourself and overall a
good picture could make you more famous
in the Roblox Community you see how much
more interesting that sounds than just
saying I do keep that in mind when
you do commissions and you're gonna do
insanely well so yeah go on Twitter and
watch some of my other videos on taking
commissions and you're going to be well
off on your way to making Robux there
just make sure your brand yourself well
and sell on the results that's going to
really help you next up is UGC now.

I am
not personally in UGC but you can
probably see by the success of any UGC
creator that it is a worthwhile thing to
pursue so UGC is where you basically
create hats accessories, etc., and you sell
them on the Roblox catalog now this
program is only open to people who sign
up via the application on the dev forum
and get accepted by Roblox but they're
opening up to more people so there is a
good opportunity right now to learn
blender start making amazing accessories
and apply and if you've seen UGC
limited you can just see the potential
with this there's people selling UGC
limited out in a few minutes making
thousands and thousands and thousands of
Roblox in just a few minutes because of
high demand on UGC limited so you can
just see the potential if that's how
much they sell.

Imagine over time like
how much you can make it's crazy and
there's UGC creators who have made
hundreds of thousands maybe even
millions of real life dollars on a
single hat so keep that in mind UGC is
amazing and last but not least is an
interesting one so once you have made
some Roblox you can actually invest in
games on Roblox so you can put down a
certain amount of Roblox to help a
promising developer to create their game
and fund it and promote it now you do
have to make sure that this is a
developer who is competent and who has a
great game that they already have made
some progress on I'm not giving out any
specific investment advice here I'm just
saying this is a great opportunity right
here making investments in Roblox games
can work well once you make some Roblox
but it is risky of course but it's gonna
be worth it like we make tens of
thousands of Roblox.

You can go help out a
developer and you don't have to make the
game they make it you fund it and you
get a percentage of the profits just
make sure you have mutual trust there
but that is an interesting method not
many people talk about and as promised I
do have a scripting cheat sheet to help
you get started on your game development
journey and making the games you want to
make and it's going to help you a lot
there's also some other resources that
come with it such as some videos to help
you inside the cheat sheet so yeah it's
gonna be really helpful you can get that
first link in the description and if you
are ready to grow your Roblox YouTube
channel click the video on screen right
now this is gonna really help you in
growing your Roblox YouTube channel
these are some of the core principles
not many people talk about but have
helped accelerate my channel the well
over 30000 subscribers so see you there
and I hope that you make a ton of real
money and Roblox on Roblox and remember
through doing pretty much any of these
methods it involves helping people out
so there's nothing wrong with making
money on Roblox and it is a great way to
do it there's millions of people meaning
millions of opportunities.
